Before going to attend any interview prepare basic Questions
Top Array-Related Questions in Selenium Interviews:

1. Sum of Elements
Write a program to take an array of integers as input and calculate the sum of all elements in the array.

2. Find Maximum and Minimum
Write a program to find the maximum and minimum values in an array of integers.

3. Reverse an Array
Write a program to reverse the elements of an array without using an additional array.

4. Count Even and Odd Numbers
Write a program to count the number of even and odd numbers in an array of integers.

5. Search an Element
Write a program to search for an element in an array and return its index. If the element is not found, display a message.

6. Frequency of Elements
Write a program to count the frequency of each element in an array. Example:

Input: [1, 2, 2, 3, 4, 4, 4]

Output: 1: 1, 2: 2, 3: 1, 4: 3

7. Second Largest Element
Write a program to find the second largest element in an array.

8. Rotate an Array
Write a program to rotate an array to the right by a

given number of steps. Example:
Input: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5], Rotate by 2

Output: [4, 5, 1, 2, 3]

9. Check Palindrome Array
Write a program to check if an array is a palindrome.

Example:

Input: [1, 2, 3, 2, 1]

Output: true

10. Merge Two Arrays
Write a program to merge two arrays into a single array.

11. Remove Duplicates
Write a program to remove duplicate elements from an array. Example:
Input: [1, 2, 2, 3, 4, 4]

Output: [1, 2, 3, 4]

Java & OOPs Concepts

• What is the final keyword in Java?
==>final key word in java refer to the the value cannot be changed, we can make the variable and method and class can be final if it is deifned as fine
variable value cannot be changed, method cannot be overridden, and class cannot be inherited

• What is a constructor? Can we override a constructor?
constructor is a special type of of methods which is used to intialize the objects, which will be having same name as class name, which doesnot return anything
it will be called at the time of object creation, constructor will not be copied to the child class when it is extended to the child class
we have to explictly call in the child class constructor using super keyword
can we override constructor
basically overriding meaning is like implimentation will be changed in the child class usally sonstructor will be used to intialize the obejcts as per the 
fundamentals. there wont be any implamentation to override and also constructor name will be same as class name so in child class constructor will be child class name
to override defination should be same, it doesnot have any return type

• Where is a constructor used in your framework?
in our corrent framework constructor is used in the baseclass to initialize the properties file, in all the child classes constructor we use to call it 

• What is abstraction? and How to achieve multiple abstraction in Java?  What is an interface?
abstruction is a method of hiding the implamentation and showing only functionality to the user. abstruction can be achived in 2 ways using abstruction class and 
by using interface
abstruction class when ever we have partial implamentation that time will go with abstruction class,
usually abstruction class will be having both abstruct and non abstruct methods where abstruct method will be having abstruct key word non abstruc method will be 
as normal, abstruc class can have constructor as well and in the extended immidiate child class we need to implament the abstruct methods.
we can create an object of the child class and we have them in the parent class refrence variable
it will allow both static and non static abstruct methods in abstruct class
but abstruct static method is not possible because static is class level
it will allow both static and non static variables as well
abstruct class wont allow multiple inheritance
abstruct class suports partial abstruction and do not support multiple inheritance

when it comes to interface it will have the keyword called interface and it can have only abtruct methods which will not be having any implamnetation and abstruct
key also wont be there java 8 onwards it will allow default and static methods for implamentation 
by default all the variables here are static and final
 interface will be haveing implaments key word in child class all umimplamented methods showuld be implamentated in immidaite child class
 interface allows multiple inheritence
 interface supports full abstruction and supports multiple inheritance


• What is encapsulation? Where have you used it in your project?
encapsulation is a technique of restricting the access of resources from other classes for example declaring the variable as a private and thorugh getter and setter
methods we can access that variable outside of the class
enapsulation is used for login related details like login id and password in the user module 

if the method is private then access it outside the class is difficult but in the same class creating one more public metod calling the private method in
the pulic class can give us the access

• What is polymorphism? Where have you applied it in your framework?

• What is method overloading and method overriding? Explain both and where you used them in your framework?

• Have you used collections in your framework?

• What is the static keyword in Java?

• What is memory management in Java?
allocating and deallocating the men=mory for class objects method calls etc..
heap memory and stack memory

• What is garbage collection in Java?
removing the unused objects

• Difference between constructor overloading and method overloading

• What are exceptions in Java?

• List some exceptions you faced during automation and how you handled them.

Selenium & Web Automation

• How do you handle dynamic web elements?
handling the dynamic web element in seleium is little tricky but we can use some element locating statergies to locate the webelemente say forexapmle using xpaths
contains method, start with or text method we can use 

• Write the syntax of the Select class and explain its methods.
first we need to create an object of the select class in the constructor we have to pass the webelement and by using the object reference we have methods
to select the vlues in the dropdown by visible text,index,value, 
the same for deselecting as well but deselect works only when it is a multiple select dropdown

• How do you handle iFrames?
first we have to switch to the frames then we need to perform the action
driver.switch to frames
comes back driver.default all

• How do you determine whether an element is an iFrame or not?
html cotains iframe then we 

• How do you handle mouse actions in Selenium?

• How do you handle keyboard actions in Selenium?
using action class object we can handle the keyboard activities

• How do you press the ENTER key using the Actions class? Write the syntax.

• How do you use the SHIFT key to type uppercase letters in Selenium? Write the syntax.

• How to handle dynamic elements?